Add contex info about concurrent LOAD CSV (#547)
memgraph/documentation: pages/data-migration/csv.mdx

STORAGE MODE IN_MEMORY_{TRANSACTIONAL|ANALYTICAL};
```

If you use `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` mode and have nodes and relationships stored in
 separate CSV files, you can run multiple concurrent `LOAD CSV` queries to import data even faster.

> In order to achieve the best import performance, split your nodes and edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to achieve the best import performance, split your nodes and relationships
```

files into smaller files and run multiple `LOAD CSV` queries in parallel. 

> The key is to run all `LOAD CSV` queries for nodes first. After that, run 
> all relationship `LOAD CSV` queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is to run all `LOAD CSV` queries, which create nodes first. After that, run 
all `LOAD CSV` queries that create relationships. 
```

> Read more about this in [import best pratices](TBD) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about this in the [import best practices](./best-practices) 
```

Reviewer: we'll update it later if needed

Author: Let's updated the readme there and results, then we will just add links to places.
